README.md, before:

# Korean-learning

This is a document to help keep my notes for my Korean Language Learning along with various tools I have used along the way.

## Books
- Talk To Me In Korean Textbooks 1 - 10
  - Here is book #1 https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/gr1/
- Talk to Me In Korean Textbooks Workbooks 1 - 10
  - Here is book #1 https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/wk1/
- [1100 Short and Useful Korean Phrases for Beginners](https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/1100phrases/)
- [Traditional Folktales in Korean and English Korean Stories for Language Learning](https://www.amazon.com/Korean-Stories-Language-Learners-Traditional/dp/0804850038)
- [Korean Conversation Made Natural](https://www.amazon.com/Korean-Conversation-Made-Natural-Dialogues/dp/1950321339)
- [Easy Korean Reading For Beginners](https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/reading/)
- [Real-life Korean conversations for beginners](https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/cov1/)

## Youtube Channels
- https://www.youtube.com/@morip.korean
  - I came across this one because of the playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLr7BTDhDckaK8V4wBf-EWRtZY94dlAnwp
- https://www.youtube.com/@koreanfriendhailey
  - She pops up in my shorts a lot.  That is all I have ever watched from her
- https://www.youtube.com/@GoBillyKorean
  - I have watched a few things from him, he has https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BAsY_pWVHs that talks about various podcasts which introduced me to `morip.korean` above.  Maybe you can find one that you like 
- https://www.youtube.com/@KoreanwithMissVicky
  - I just recently came across her channel and I have liked it so far
  - For instance yesterday I watched https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHC517q1KfM which was a Let’s Practice Thinking in Korean & Boost Your Speaking.  It looks like she could have some fun and engaging lessons she works hard on planning her classes from what I could tell from this one

## Games
- https://type.sam.today/lesson
- https://wordsearchlabs.com/
- https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword

## Story Reading and Watching Youtube
Here are some good resources for reading and watching youtube videos.
- https://koreanstorylab.com/
- https://ttmikstories.app/
- https://migaku.com/
- https://kimchi-reader.app/

## Misc
These are some misc things that I have been building and eventually I will move them somewhere else or even just make my own app to make and save them

## Word Search
- Korean Dictation 25-02-08: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/808198
- Korean Dictation 25-02-15: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/806578
- Korean Dictation All Words up to 25-02-15: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/808202
- Korean Dictation 25-02-22: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/818104

## Crosswords
- Korean Dictation 25-02-08 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/1710/17105712.704.html
- Korean Dictation 25-02-15 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/1619/16193127.275.html
- Korean Dictation All Words 25-02-15 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/1711/17110220.445.html
- Korean Dictation 25-02-22 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/2422/24225525.937.html

Commit message:

Update: make note about the crossword folder in readme

README.md, after:

# Korean-learning

This is a document to help keep my notes for my Korean Language Learning along with various tools I have used along the way.

## Books
- Talk To Me In Korean Textbooks 1 - 10
  - Here is book #1 https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/gr1/
- Talk to Me In Korean Textbooks Workbooks 1 - 10
  - Here is book #1 https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/wk1/
- [1100 Short and Useful Korean Phrases for Beginners](https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/1100phrases/)
- [Traditional Folktales in Korean and English Korean Stories for Language Learning](https://www.amazon.com/Korean-Stories-Language-Learners-Traditional/dp/0804850038)
- [Korean Conversation Made Natural](https://www.amazon.com/Korean-Conversation-Made-Natural-Dialogues/dp/1950321339)
- [Easy Korean Reading For Beginners](https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/reading/)
- [Real-life Korean conversations for beginners](https://talktomeinkorean.com/product/cov1/)

## Youtube Channels
- https://www.youtube.com/@morip.korean
  - I came across this one because of the playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLr7BTDhDckaK8V4wBf-EWRtZY94dlAnwp
- https://www.youtube.com/@koreanfriendhailey
  - She pops up in my shorts a lot.  That is all I have ever watched from her
- https://www.youtube.com/@GoBillyKorean
  - I have watched a few things from him, he has https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BAsY_pWVHs that talks about various podcasts which introduced me to `morip.korean` above.  Maybe you can find one that you like 
- https://www.youtube.com/@KoreanwithMissVicky
  - I just recently came across her channel and I have liked it so far
  - For instance yesterday I watched https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHC517q1KfM which was a Let’s Practice Thinking in Korean & Boost Your Speaking.  It looks like she could have some fun and engaging lessons she works hard on planning her classes from what I could tell from this one

## Games
- https://type.sam.today/lesson
- https://wordsearchlabs.com/
- https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword

## Story Reading and Watching Youtube
Here are some good resources for reading and watching youtube videos.
- https://koreanstorylab.com/
- https://ttmikstories.app/
- https://migaku.com/
- https://kimchi-reader.app/

## Misc
These are some misc things that I have been building and eventually I will move them somewhere else or even just make my own app to make and save them

## Word Search
- Korean Dictation 25-02-08: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/808198
- Korean Dictation 25-02-15: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/806578
- Korean Dictation All Words up to 25-02-15: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/808202
- Korean Dictation 25-02-22: https://wordsearchlabs.com/view/818104

## Crosswords

In case these links stop working I have saved a pdf version of all the crosswords in this repo in the [crosswords](./crosswords) folder

- Korean Dictation 25-02-08 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/1710/17105712.704.html
- Korean Dictation 25-02-15 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/1619/16193127.275.html
- Korean Dictation All Words 25-02-15 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/1711/17110220.445.html
- Korean Dictation 25-02-22 (size 80): https://www.armoredpenguin.com/crossword/Data/2025.02/2422/24225525.937.html
